Add new GHAS questions (#131)
FidelusAleksander/githubcertified: content/questions/advanced_security/question-047.md

---

> question: "In the context of uploading SARIF results to GitHub, what happens when a second SARIF results file is uploaded for a commit?"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
question: "In the context of uploading SARIF results to GitHub, what happens when a second SARIF results file is uploaded for a single commit?"
```

archetype: "questions"
title: "Question 047"
draft: false
---

> > https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/code-scanning/integrating-with-code-scanning/using-code-scanning-with-your-existing-ci-system#generating-a-token-for-authentication-with-github

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> https://docs.github.com/en/code-security/code-scanning/integrating-with-code-scanning/using-code-scanning-with-your-existing-ci-system#uploading-your-results-to-github
```
